1) What is Emmet?
Ans: Emmet the essential tool kit for web-developers,is a free add-on for your text editor that allows you to type shortcuts that are then expanded into full pieces of code.

2) Difference between a Library and Framework?
Ans:Libraries provide developers with predefined functions and classes to make their work easier and boost the development process.
    Framework, on the other hand, is like the foundation upon which developers build applications for specific platforms

3) What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Ans : The content delivery network (CDN) refers to a geographically distributed group of servers which work together to provide fast delivery of internet content.
A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading Internet content including HTML pages, javascript files, stylesheets, images, and videos.

4) Why React is known as React?
Ans : React is called React because it was designed to be declarative, efficient, and flexible JavaScript library for building user interfaces.

5) What is crossorigin in script tag?
Ans: The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where CORS comes in.
     A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.

6) What is the difference between react.development.js and react.production.js file via CDN?
Ans: The development build is used - as the name suggests - for development reasons. You have Source Maps, debugging and often times hot reloading ability in those builds.
     The production build, on the other hand, runs in production mode which means this is the code running on your client's machine. The production build runs uglify and builds your source files into one or multiple minimized files.

7) What is async and defer?
Ans: The async and defer attributes both allow the browser to continue parsing the HTML document while JavaScript files are being downloaded, but they differ in when those files are executed.
     Async downloads and executes JavaScript as soon as it’s available, while defer attribute waits until the HTML document has been parsed before downloading and executing any external scripts.

